[music playing]
[thunder]
-Here.
This is where the trail of the
ninja with kekkei genkai ends.
What?
-Sai.
-Stop, Naruto.
We have a mission to complete.
-No.
I'm not going to
leave Sai behind.
-Naruto!
-Sai!
Sai, hang in there.
[growling]
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
-Lightning Blade!
-How is he?
Is he OK?
What was that for, Sakura?
-For rushing in without thinking
and getting yourself hurt.
If you're going to
run off, at least
come up with some kind
of a plan beforehand.
You careless, witless,
know-nothing idiot!
KAKASHI (VOICEOVER):
He's a lot like you.
Don't you think, Obito?
-Yeah.
KAKASHI: We pursued
all four of the ninja
with kekkei genkai
that disappeared
from the major villages.
Their trails led here.
But then they ended right at
Mount Shumisen in the Konrin
Range on the border of
the Hidden Grass Village
and the Hidden Stone Village
in the Land of Earth.
-You did well.
-And what should we do now?
-We'll handle it from here on
out, so don't worry about it.
KAKASHI (VOICEOVER):
If someone's
going after ninja
with kekkei genkai,
the next likely target is me.
-Is something wrong?
-Nothing.
-So how are the others?
-Well, we had to force them
to go to the hospital, but--
--[sigh] Those two aren't
really the type to stay in bed,
are they?
-So good.
-You shouldn't eat
so much, Choji.
-Asuma Sensei would never
nag me like that, you know.
-Yeah, but you're not
the guest of honor today.
Besides, if you eat so
much, you'll get fa--
-Shikamaru!
-Ah.
What I meant was-- OK.
Fine.
This one's on me.
ROCK LEE: Sounds good.
-Hey.
-Wait.
What are all you
guys doing here?
-We heard there was a
celebration for Naruto
and Sai's recovery.
Same for me.
-Hinata told us.
-Yes, me too.
-Naruto said I should spread
the word to everybody, so I did.
[groan]
SHIKAMARU (VOICEOVER): I wanted
to keep this small and private.
Well, there's no way
I'm paying for all this.
-So where are the two
guests of honor anyway?
NARUTO: Thanks for waiting.
Hey, the gang's all here.
-We shouldn't do this, Naruto.
We haven't been discharged yet.
-Eh.
So what?
-What were you thinking
inviting all these people?
-It's a party.
The more the merrier.
Isn't that right, Sai?
-My IV.
-All right.
Let's get this party started.
It's time to celebrate
our recovery.
Now, eat up.
Shikamaru's buying.
-Hey, I never said I'd--
ALL: Thanks for the
food, Shikamaru.
-OK.
Time for us to eat too.
-You idiots!
-OK.
-Sakura, come on.
Take it easy, will you?
We are injured, you know.
-Not that injured, not if you
can go out to eat barbecue.
That was just in place
of real punishment.
If it hurt, get back into
bed where you belong.
-(GRUMBLING) Get back into bed.
SAKURA (VOICEOVER):
That's Naruto for you.
He always heals so quickly.
-Man, why is she so angry?
-Hey, you're in good spirits.
-Hi, Kakashi Sensei.
Did you come to visit us?
-Sort of.
I figured you'd be bored cooped
up in the hospital, so here.
-Thanks, Kakashi Sensei.
-Hm?
-Girls hide their true feelings
of worry and other emotions
by purposefully getting
angry and being violent.
Huh?
This will be very helpful.
-So what do I get?
-Well, since you don't
really like to read books,
I thought that I'd
bring this instead.
-What's that supposed to be?
-What are those bells for?
-You just have to take
these bells from me.
If you can't get them by
noon, you go without lunch.
-Let me down.
-Fire Style.
Fireball Jutsu.
NARUTO: Sakura and Sasuke
disobeyed Kakashi Sensei's
orders by sharing
their lunches with me.
But of course, he
found out, and I
thought he was totally
going to fail us.
-You pass.
NARUTO: But in the end,
he passed us after all.
-In the ninja world,
those who break the rules
are considered to
be nothing but scum.
However, those ninja who
abandon their friends
are even worse than scum.
-I'll never forget what
he taught us that day.
I never will.
-Oh.
-Wait.
Weren't you also
taught that lesson?
-For the ANBU,
abandoning your friends
is fine as long as you
complete the mission.
-Man, you really had a
dark childhood, didn't you?
But why give these to me?
-Well, as you can see, they've
gotten pretty banged up,
so I brought them
here, because I'd
like you to fix them for me.
-What?
-I'm counting on you,
Naruto, but right now I'm
in a bit of a hurry.
So good luck with those bells.
-Hey, wait.
Kakashi Sensei, come on.
-See you later.
-How the heck am I supposed
to fix these things.
If you want them fixed so bad,
you should just do it yourself.
Hello!
-Are they ANBU from the Leaf?
-Don't worry.
There are no ninja that
can stand against us.
-That's it.
You possess only ordinary
Earth style techniques?
The time has come.
-Lady Tsunade!
-What is it, Shizune?
The three ANBU that we
sent to Mount Shimusen,
have you finally
heard back from them?
-No.
But look at the sky.
-I am a ninja originally
from the Hidden Leaf.
My name is Hiruko.
-What?
This can't be.
Hiruko couldn't
still be a child.
-What is going on?
-Thanks to my Chimera Jutsu,
four of the kekkei genkai
from each of the great ninja
villages are already mine.
Soon, I will obtain the fifth
and final kekkei genkai.
And once I possess it, I
will become invincible,
a perfect immortal ninja
that none in all the world
can stand against.
With that power, I will start
the Fourth Great Ninja War.
And I will rule over everything.
TSUNADE: For the
foreseeable future,
our village has been
placed under martial law.
As you're all aware
by now, a ninja
called Hiruko has
declared war on our world.
Our village now finds itself
in a more dangerous position
than ever.
It's possible that
other villages
could attack us
at any moment too.
Stay sharp.
-Naruto, looks like
something big is happening.
TSUNADE: Where's the Kazekage?
Why isn't Gaara here yet?
-I'm not quite sure.
The delegation already left
the Hidden Sand Village,
so they should be nearby.
I'm guessing they'll
arrive within half an hour.
Lady Tsunade?
TSUNADE (VOICEOVER):
This situation
is already beyond the
power of the Leaf alone.
We need your cooperation,
or all is lost.
-The five great nations
that rule the continent each
have their own hidden village.
They're all prepared
for an invasion
from any of the other countries.
And this land, the Land of Fire,
is the most powerful nation,
in part because of the
protection from the Leaf.
Yet suspicion remains that
there may be a coup d'etat.
At the same time, we've
received further reports
that the other nations
are preparing for war,
and their villages are sending
ninja to our border to invade.
This puts an extreme
strain on the trust
between our country
and the Leaf.
-Please, just wait.
Look.
I cannot deny it.
Hiruko did research the Chimera
Jutsu in our village years ago,
but without permission.
And besides, he has long
since left the village.
-No excuses.
Bring the guilty
party to justice.
Solve this problem now.
-And if you can't do so, the
Village Hidden in the Leaves
will be eradicated.
Prove your innocence
to us immediately.
That is the only way we
will allow the Hidden Leaf's
continued existence.
TSUNADE (VOICEOVER): Gaara.
-What is that?
MESSENGER: Lady Tsunade.
-Hm?
-I have news.
The delegation from
the Hidden Sand
has been caught in a rock slide.
-What happened?
-This was found at the scene.
-Lady Tsunade.
-A storm is coming, what I
feared more than anything else.
This could be the start of
the Fourth Great Ninja War.
HIROKU: My Chimera
Jutsu alone won't
be enough to engulf
the kekkei genkai.
I need a special jutsu formula.
I've already performed the
jutsu formula for the first four
kekkei genkai.
However, in order to obtain the
fight and final kekkei genkai
wielder, I must first
complete the requirements
for Heaven, Earth, and Man.
The first, Heaven,
is a solar eclipse.
The second, Earth,
is Mount Shumisen.
For the third, Man-- once
I absorb that person's
kekkei genkai technique, I will
create a harmony of the five
kekkei genkai within myself.
At last, I will become
immortal and complete
as the perfect ninja.
And that fifth shinobi who
possesses a suitable kekkei
genkai, yes, I've
left you for last.
Since you're such an old friend,
that only seems fair after all.
-It's been a long
time, Kakashi Hatake.
-You.
You're Hiruko.
-What is it?
-The seal has appeared.
It seems that 10 years ago,
Hiroku made his choice.
He already decided
on my Sharingan
as the fifth kekkei genkai.
At some point, he put a Puppet
Master Jutsu formula on me.
-But why?
Is this all some kind
of plan to get revenge
on the Hidden Leaf Village.
If so, then I should
take the blame as well.
I will not hand
you over to Hiruko.
-You must.
Please let me go.
-No.
Just save your breath.
I already saw ANBU's reports.
He's perfected the jutsu
formula for changing ninja arts
into chakra and absorbing them.
So no matter how skilled the
ninja who goes after him,
they won't even get close.
He's essentially invincible.
-If that's the
case, then why is he
calling out only ninja
with kekkei genkai.
I suspect he needs
some special conditions
before he can absorb
the kekkei genkai.
Otherwise, why would he wait
until now to call for me?
-Yes.
I've heard the jutsu
formula requires
a special type of light.
Two days from now, there's
going to be a solar eclipse.
-That must be it.
So there's not much time.
Lady Tsunade, I want you
apply a jutsu formula to me.
I believe it's the only
way to defeat Hiroku.
-Kakashi, you know I can't.
I cannot sacrifice you
to save the village.
You know how unkind
history would
be to a Hokage who'd do that?
-Yes, but you'll do it
anyway, because that's
your Will of Fire, Lady Tsunade.
-Asuma, right now,
the village is
facing what could be
its worse crisis ever.
-All those games of Shogi, and
not once, could I beat you.
Remember when we
talked about the king?
Now I'm going to tell
you who the king is.
Lean closer.
-But Asuma, so then
that's why you--
-I'm counting on you, Shikamaru.
-Now it's my turn, Asuma.
The king you gave
your life to defend,
I'll keep it safe
no matter what.
KAKASHI (VOICEOVER):
Obito, Rin, I
wasn't able to protect you both.
But I will protect the
Village Hidden in the Leaves
whatever it takes.
-Kakashi Sensei, are you
here to visit someone?
-Yeah.
Something like that.
And you?
You here to see Asuma?
-Yeah.
To follow through on the last
words that Asuma said to me.
I'll put my life on the line
to protect the Hidden Leaf
Village.
That's all.
KAKASHI (VOICEOVER): So that's
your Will of Fire, is it?
You've become an
excellent shinobi.
-Huh?
What is it?
-Well, I was wondering
if you could give Naruto
a message for me.
-Yeah, or you could just
tell him yourself, you know.
-Actually, I can't do that.
-What?
You're going to get me mixed
up in some kind of trouble,
aren't you?
-You always have such a
cheery attitude, Shikamaru.
-Are you sure that it's
a good idea for you
to sneak out of the hospital?
[slurping]
-While I was in the
hospital, I heard
things are pretty bad out there.
It's no time to be resting.
Thanks for the food.
-You know this my first
time in the Land of Fire.
-Kakashi Sensei?
-It's past curfew.
-We can't even allow you
to pass through, Kakashi.
-Kakashi Sensei!
Kakashi, what's the
matter with you?
Can't you hear me?
-Stop, Naruto.
-Get out of the way.
Will you?
Kakashi Sensei is
acting really weird.
-Shadow Possession Jutsu.
-What are you doing?
-I have a message
from Kakashi for you.
Even if I disappear from the
village, don't go following me.
That's exactly what he told
me to tell you, Naruto.
-What?
-Spill it.
What do you know?
-I've told you all I can.
But as a ninja of the
Leaf, you should know,
our code is to follow the
orders of the village.
-Why you.
I'll stop him.
-For the village, he'd
give his own life,
because that's Kakashi
Sensei's Will of Fire.
-Sensei.
Kakashi Sensei.
-Kakashi Hatake has
left the village.
From here on out, he no
longer has any connection
with the Hidden Leaf.
No matter what happens,
he's no longer your concern,
and that includes
chasing after him.
I forbid it.
Now go.
Spread the word to
every single unit.
-But Lady Tsunade.
-Dismissed.
Stay, Shikamaru.
-Huh?
-We need to talk.
-Right.
Just like Kakashi
Sensei thought he would,
Naruto tried to go after him.
I've locked him in
prison for now, but--
TSUNADE: That idiot.
What a mess.
-This thing with
Kakashi, it's related
to that illusion we saw
the other day, isn't it?
When he left the village,
it was pretty clear to me
that somebody else
was controlling him,
but he had prepared himself for
it and accepted it willingly.
Why would he do such a thing
unless there was no other way
to defeat the enemy?
Tell me if I'm wrong.
-As usual, your
mind is very sharp.
-And you approved this
plan, Lady Tsunade.
-Yes.
I ordered him to die for
the sake of the village.
-Let me out of here.
Give me a break.
Open this cell already.
I have to catch up to
Kakashi Sensei and fast.
I've got to bring him back here.
Dammit all.
Somebody come and let me out.
Isn't anybody there?
He needs me.
I've got to help him.
Why doesn't anybody
understand that?
[bells jangle]
Kakashi Sensei.
Huh?
Sakura.
-Naruto, why did
they put you in here?
-I have no idea.
I mean, I was only trying to
bring Kakashi Sensei back,
because he was acting all weird.
-Lady Tsunade told us
he left the village,
that we shouldn't concern
ourselves with him anymore.
-What?
No way.
That's not right.
It looked like he was being
controlled by somebody else.
Giving up on someone
when they're like that,
Tsunade's being weird too.
-It must have something to
do with that giant illusion.
-Yeah.
You're right.
Kakashi Sensei said not to
go after him and that he'd
protect the village even
if it cost him his life.
Shikamaru said that's
Kakashi's Will of Fire.
-And that means he's
out there alone,
risking his life to solve this
whole crisis all by himself.
-Yeah.
That's right, and that's exactly
why we have to help him out.
-But Lady Tsunade said--
-Sakura.
-Yeah.
-You see the bells
by my feet there.
Kakushi Sensei gave them to me.
You still remember, don't you,
what he taught us back then?
In the ninja world, those
who break the rules are scum,
but those who abandon their
friends are worse than scum.
All I want to do right
now is protect my friends.
That's all I ever
wanted, even with Sasuke.
I just want to bring
Kakashi Sensei back home
safe and sound, to bring
him back where he belongs.
That's all I want to do.
SAKURA: Naruto, this is a
once in a lifetime request,
just bring him home.
Please bring Sasuke back to me.
-Don't you worry one bit.
I'm going to bring Sasuke back.
I promise that on
my life, Sakura.
-Naruto, thank you so much.
TSUNADE: Naruto, you really
think you can protect him?
Can you bring him back
with your own two hands?
-Yeah.
I'm sure.
I promise you I'll bring him
back safe no matter what.
-Naruto.
Why'd you go after
him by yourself?
You should have come to me.
I was part of the original
Team Kakashi from the start.
-Now, Sakura.
You went overboard again.
-I understand now.
-Lady Tsunade.
It's Naruto, ma'am.
He's escaped.
-What?
-And it appears that
Sakura helped him do it.
-If it's not one,
it's the other.
-Lady Tsunade, I'm asking
you to leave this to me.
Please.
I know it's going
to be a real drag,
but I'm the best
suited for this.
TSUNADE: Agreed.
You take the lead on handling
this Naruto and Sakura
situation, Shikamaru.
-I'm glad that everyone's here.
Now then, Lady Tsunade's
orders are for us
to bring back Naruto and Sakura.
[gasp]
-Just hold on a second.
What exactly is going on here?
-All of you heard
Lady Tsunade's orders.
Naruto and Sakura disobeyed
and went after Kakashi Sensei.
-But why did Lady Tsunade
tell us not to follow him?
I think it is only natural
that two of the members of Team
Kakashi would go to
help their sensei.
-You know all you need to know.
-So you say, but that
answer does not satisfy me.
-Lee, let it go.
They're the Hokage's orders.
So I'll follow Shikamaru
as team captain.
-Yes, but--
-I will also comply.
Why?
Because that is the code
of the Leaf Village.
-We don't have much time.
I'll have to give
you the formations
while we're on the move.
Let's go.
-The Hidden Sand's advancing.
Go.
-Soon we shall meet
again, Kakashi.
The three of you should go
welcome our honored guest.
If anyone tries to get in
your way, eliminate them.
I don't care what it takes.
GROUP: Right.
-There he is.
NARUTO: Kakashi Sensei.
Hold on.
Come back.
You guys?
-Naruto, Sakura, I'm under
orders to bring the two of you
back to the village immediately.
-Someone is controlling
Kakashi Sensei.
That's why he left the Leaf.
-Please just let
Naruto and me go.
-No.
You heard what Lady
Tsunade told us.
She said to forget Kakashi.
Those are the Hokage's orders.
-Yeah.
It's true that those who disobey
the village rules are scum,
but still, during our
very first lesson,
Kakashi Sensei taught
us something else too,
that those ninja who turn
their backs on their friends
are even worse than scum.
Maybe you're
different, but I don't
want to be worse than scum
-Excuse me.
So it is really true
that there is actually
somebody who has been
controlling Kakashi?
-Yeah.
But he chose to let
the enemy control him,
so he could get to
the enemy from inside.
-If I had known
about that, then I
would have done the same thing
that Naruto and Sakura did.
-Yeah, me too.
[bark]
-Yeah, and so
would I if I could.
However, this strategy is
the only sure way for us
to save the village.
Move.
-Now's our chance, Naruto.
-Right.
-Why those little-- Neji,
I'm leaving this to you.
-Right.
We'll handle it.
-Hold it.
I haven't finished with you yet.
I'm not letting you leave.
Summoning Double-Headed Snake.
Snake Net go!
-What's that?
-Does it matter?
Just go.
-Kunai Bomb.
-Be careful.
He has an enormous
amount of chakra.
-Well, well.
Looks like you actually
know what you're doing.
-Another gate?
-Kakashi Sensei must
have passed through here.
-Well, it's about time.
My two cuties and I have been
waiting practically forever
for you to arrive.
They want payback for
the last time you fought.
-That's fine by me.
I got a score to settle too.
Bring it on.
-You should keep those
pets of yours on a leash,
so they don't get hurt.
-You don't see dogs
like that every day.
Hinata, talk to me.
-I'm seeing the
same type of chakra
that I'd see in a
trained ninja hound.
-It's clear that those
two are not normal dogs.
Why?
Because they don't
look like normal dogs.
-Man, you really just have
to drain the cool right out
of everything, don't you?
Naruto, Sakura,
look, I don't really
know whether what you're trying
to do here is right or wrong.
It's not for me to say.
However, I sure
know how you feel.
No doubt about that.
[bark]
-Naruto, Sakura, I don't
think you're wrong at all.
-Thanks, guys.
That means a lot.
-Didn't I say
we've been waiting?
Quit talking and fight.
-Regardless of my personal
opinion about all this,
we'll keep them busy here.
Why?
Because we have a beast
specialist in our team.
-Let's go, Akamaru.
[bark]
Man Beast Transformation.
Fang Over Fang.
-Fools.
All right.
Now go.
-Kiba.
-Hey, wait, Naruto.
-They're all yours, Kiba.
-Go on.
We got this.
-What are you doing?
Go after them.
-It's no use.
Just their master remains.
-Let's go.
-My servants.
You dare!
Summoning.
Chimera Jutsu.
-She's coming.
-And now, the real fight begins.
-Naruto, just listen to me.
The enemy's coming at
us, one after another.
That just proves that Kakashi
is crucial to their scheme.
In other words, it's
exactly as he planned.
If we just stick
to his strategy.
We'll defeat this enemy.
-I don't care.
That doesn't matter to me.
-That stubborn idiot
just doesn't get it.
I want to save
Kakashi Sensei too.
Don't you know that.
But I can't sacrifice everyone
in the village for one man.
-I'll just leave them with
that as a greeting for now.
But next time, I'll aim straight
at them, and I won't miss.
Whose blood shall I spill first?
-Naruto, Sakura, jump on board.
-It's Sai.
-They left us behind.
-Damn you, Sai.
-Blinding me won't
help for long.
I could have sworn there were
more of them a moment ago.
-Shikamaru, what now?
-I suppose we could tell this
guy that we're not the enemy.
But I have a suspicion
he wouldn't believe us.
-All right.
Then let's start again.
-In that case, we have no
choice but to defeat him.
But we can't take too
long, so hit him hard.
-It's much too windy here.
We better land
while we still can.
-Got it.
-Sai, thanks for coming.
-You saved us.
-Well, I am a member of
Team Kakashi too after all.
Do you think I
could go with you?
-Yeah, of course.
Right, Naruto.
-Sure.
If you take to heart
what Kakashi teaches,
then you are a
member of the team.
SAI (VOICEOVER): I knew it.
COVERGIRL (VOICEOVER): Hi there.
BOTH: A girl's feelings?
-My book says pursuing
someone in this situation
is certain to be appreciated.
-Oh, you were faking.
Isn't that just great?
-Yeah.
And you dropped your book.
-That protects you very well,
but only playing defense
won't win you this battle.
-Fine.
Then I will attack you.
-Snake Rapid Thorn.
-Rotation
-We could go on
like this forever.
We have to find a way to attack
and defend at the same time.
NEJI (VOICEOVER): My rotation
and his Snake's Regeneration
are evenly matched.
Unless I can increase my speed.
I can't attack.
Lee, use Primary Lotus on me.
Tenten, cover us.
-Roger that.
-Use Primary?
Oh, I get it.
-It's no use.
-Want to bet.
-Here we go.
Primary Lotus.
-Eight Trigrams Palm Rotation.
-That's it?
What?
-Take this.
-Ha.
A creature that big can't
keep up with our speed.
So you lose.
-Be quiet, you Leaf lapdog.
Die!
That was a cheap trick.
-But an effective one.
Kiba and Hinata
got your attention,
and you forgot about me.
Thanks to them I've had
plenty of time to work.
-You think I'll be
held by a mere pitfall.
-Is my presence
that hard to see?
[squeaking]
-The bug.
-Beetle Sphere.
-It's been awhile, but let's
try the Ino-Shika-Cho formation.
BOTH: OK.
-Super Expansion Jutsu.
-Mind Transfer Jutsu.
-Nice.
It's over now.
Ino, I want you relate
what I tell you.
Tell him that our job is to
bring Naruto and Sakura back
to the village and that we don't
need to fight him to do that.
Then find out from him
where Kakashi is going.
-Got it.
I know where he's
heading all right.
But you're going to have
to work a whole lot harder
to find that out.
-What?
-Shikamaru, move.
Get back.
-Summoning Jutsu.
Now, seriously?
-What?
-Chimera Jutsu.
-Whoa.
What's that?
-Guess he didn't listen.
So we have to fight.
How many times must I say it?
We're not your enemy.
-I should have known
that wouldn't get you.
I wouldn't expect anything
less from you, Gaara.
We know what to expect
from Kakashi too.
With his Will of Fire, he'd
give his life without hesitation
to try and save the Leaf.
Wouldn't he?
-He would, but would
that defeat Hiruko?
-Yeah.
I'm sure of it.
Or perhaps, Naruto might be
able to stop this enemy too.
-Naruto could?
-I know he still has a
long way to go as a ninja.
But when it comes to
having a ton of guts
and never giving up,
he's the one person
who can follow my ninja way.
It's up to you
whether or not you
choose to believe
in him as well.
-Lady Tsunade, please,
you have to come inside,
or they could target you.
-Yes.
I know that.
-Now, now, hold it right there.
People of the Village
Hidden in the Sand,
I bring you word that your
Kazekage is safe and unharmed.
And what's more, I've brought
a message from him as well.
KANKURO: That's--
-Enough.
Lord Kazekage's ordered
an immediate ceasefire.
GROUP: Right.
-Jiraiya, so where is Gaara now?
-Where is he?
I have no clue.
I only know as
much as I told you.
-What's with this sand storm?
-My eyes sting.
Hey, it's Gaara.
You came to help us.
-Naruto, I'm afraid I can't let
you go any farther than this.
-What?
-It's against Kakashi's wishes
to let you get past here.
-But Gaara.
-What are you saying?
I can't let him face this alone.
-Don't you have respect
for Kakashi's feelings?
-Get out of our way.
[scream]
-Naruto.
-Let us help you.
-You guys just go on ahead.
-You need us.
-Kakashi needs you.
You can't let him go on
his own, no matter what.
Why are you trying to stop us?
I don't understand.
-You told me something once.
You said that you wouldn't
let the people that
are close to you get
hurt, that you would even
give your very life
to protect them.
That's just what Kakashi
is doing, sacrificing
himself to protect everyone.
-But it's wrong.
He doesn't have to.
I won't let him go
through with this plan.
I won't let him or anyone
become a sacrifice.
-That's no more than
a naive dream, Naruto.
We simply don't
have the strength
to turn that idealistic
hope into a reality.
I am the Kazekage of the
Village Hidden in the Sand.
Right now, the lives of
everyone in my village
depend on me, so I won't
be swayed by your ideals.
-Why, Gaara?
Why can't you understand?
Kakashi Sensei's life, the
lives of all the villagers,
I can't weigh one
against the other.
The only thing that I want
is to protect Kakashi Sensei.
Why don't you get that?
-There's no opening for me to
unleash my parasitic insects.
-Tenten, can you
bring out a chain?
-Sure.
What's the plan?
-First, stop it from flying.
Scatter.
-Good.
Now, everyone pull the chains.
-Its feathers are paper bombs.
What a pain.
-Now, Shikamaru,
go after Naruto.
-What?
-It's going to take us a
while to defeat this thing,
even with all of us
working together as a team.
Besides, we can tell
what you're thinking.
It's written all over your face.
-I understand Naruto's feelings.
But to a ninja of the
village, the Hokage's orders
are absolute.
-Just go, and leave this to us.
Now, Shikamaru.
-Help, Naruto.
Byakugan.
-Quick.
While we've got
this guy restrained.
-Shikamaru.
-Go protect the village.
-Are you sure?
Man, this is such a drag.
This one's all yours then.
Dammit.
Gaara?
-Naruto is gone.
-What?
Don't tell me that even
you couldn't stop him.
-I heard most of
it from Jiraiya.
If you look at it
logically, Kakashi's plan
is the only sure way
to defeat the enemy.
-Yeah, of course, it is.
-It's been awhile since
I fought with Naruto,
and again, the
strength of his heart
and the depth of his
caring touched me.
Not even for a second did
his determination waver,
nor did his devotion
to his ninja way.
Now, I see why Jiraiya
thinks Naruto could actually
pull this off.
-Sometimes, I envy
people who can
follow their heart as
strongly as he does.
But both of us know this
isn't the time for that.
Asuma entrusted me to
keep the king safe.
I have to preserve the
future of the village.
The children must be protected.
I'm going to stop Naruto,
even if I have to kill him.
-It's that place from before.
Kakashi Sensei,
where are you going?
What, Sakura?
What's wrong?
-Just look down there.
-Kakashi Sensei!
Why didn't you guys stop him?
-Calling out to him
isn't going to help.
-Yes.
She's right.
He's completely under
the enemy's jutsu.
-Kakashi, stop.
Kakashi Sensei,
please answer me.
Don't you know me.
Wait.
Just stop.
Did you see that?
-A timed jutsu formula.
Even if he's not
conscious, the jutsu
will go off automatically.
-But Sai, doesn't that
basically make him
into a living time bomb?
-It's hardly even used in
ANBU, even as a last resort.
-Wait.
Kakashi Sensei willingly
agreed to that?
SHIKAMARU: That's right.
-Shikamaru, you knew
about this all along?
-Yeah.
Lady Tsunade placed
that jutsu on him.
When Hiruko tries to
absorb the kekkei genkai,
he'll be defenseless
for an instant.
That's when the Mangekyo
Sharingan will activate.
And that will be the
end of the enemy who
can absorb any
type of ninja art.
It's the only way.
-You mean Granny Tsunade
was willing to sacrifice
Kakashi right from
the very start?
I can't believe it.
SHIKAMARU: Do you
understand now?
That's Kakashi
Sensei's Will of Fire.
-No way.
I won't let him.
You hear me.
I won't.
-Naruto, no matter how loud you
yell, he can't hear you now.
-I'll make him hear me.
-No.
Wait.
-Kakashi Sensei!
HIRUKO: It's been quite
a while, Kakashi Hatake.
I've been waiting
most impatiently.
Soon, the solar
eclipse will begin.
-Hey, you.
You're the one who
did this to Kakashi.
Why would you?
What do you have against
the Leaf Village anyway?
HIRUKO: There was
once a man named
Hiruko who lived in the
Hidden Leaf Village.
That man dreamed of
a day like today.
He planned for it in fact.
He made it happen.
So long, long ago, he cast
the Cursed Puppet Master Jutsu
on Kakashi.
But even further
back, before that day,
Hiruko's closest friends
were Jiraiya, Tsunade,
and Orochimaru, the
legendary Sannin.
However, unlike
the three of them,
he did not possess any
exceptional talent as a ninja.
In order to find a
way to compensate
for his own physical weakness,
he absorbed himself in research
and tried to perfect
the Body Synthesis
Jutsu known as the Chimera.
And that was back during
The Third Great Ninja War.
The fighting was
especially fierce
in the area around
Kannabi Bridge.
-My eye.
-Kakashi, are you all right?
-But there's no way that
you could have seen me.
-Run for the exit.
A blind spot on my left eye.
You guys all right?
I mean Kakashi?
-Obito!
HIRUKO: Kakashi Hatake survived
and came home from that battle,
and he brought with
him quite a surprise.
He returned in
possession of a new
found power, a kekkei genkai.
He obtained the Sharingan
from Obito Uchiha,
who was killed in
that fierce fighting.
And I thought, yes, that's it.
If I could use the
Chimera Jutsu to make
the power of the
kekkei genkai mine,
I'd become strong like Jiraiya,
Tsunade, and Orochimaru.
However, the Hokage found
out about my research
and tried to eliminate me
before I could complete it.
-So you were actually a
ninja of the Leaf then?
-This is Hiruko's--
-Come out.
Quit hiding.
-Kakashi, come to me now.
Your kekkei genkai is
the fifth and final one.
At long last, I will finally
become an immortal and perfect
ninja.
-No.
Kakashi!
-It seems the only way to stop
Kakashi is to defeat Hiruko.
No.
Wait!
-Listen.
Don't use ninja
arts against him.
-Multi-Shadow Clone Jutsu.
-The first, Gale Style,
Thundercloud Void Wave.
-Rasengan!
-The second, Shade
Style, Black Hole.
The Shade Style
absorbs your chakra.
The third.
With this Steel Style, even
blades cannot touch me.
The fourth, Quick Style.
Those who rely on
brute strength alone
can't keep up with this style.
-He can do more than
simply absorb jutsu.
He can access the
four kekkei genkai
that he's already
absorbed and use them
as if they were his own.
-Shade Style, Judgment.
That's your chakra I
just returned to you.
Now, stay over there and be
quiet, like good children.
Come, Kakashi.
Time for me to undergo
the body synthesis
and become a perfect ninja.
-Kakashi Sensei.
No.
Don't do it.
Don't go through that gate.
-It's for the best.
There's no other way
for us to defeat Hiruko.
-It was your acquisition
of Obito's Sharingan
that gave me the key on how
to make my body perfect.
Soon, the moon will
overshadow the sun
to create an annularity.
At that moment, the sunlight
will possess special powers.
When you are bathed
in that light,
you will become a
part of me, and I
will become a perfect and
immortal ninja, Kakashi.
-Kakashi.
Dammit.
-I won't let you do this.
-Man, you're really persistent.
Now, move it.
-No.
No way.
I've sworn to protect the
king, the children who
are the future of the village.
SHIKAMARU: Yeah.
That's what I'm doing.
I'll protect
Kakashi's teachings,
and I'll save him too.
He's part of the village.
We can do this.
We can protect our village
and keep our friends
safe, the children too.
-But why?
Why your way?
-Because what I'm protecting
is the most important thing
for the future of our village.
-What's that?
What are you saying?
-All of the children
back in the village,
they need a future
they can believe in
to take pride in
our way of life.
Yes, our ninja protect
the code of the village,
and they'll always be
willing to give their lives
to keep people safe from harm.
But listen, there's
more than that.
Is sacrificing friends
the way of the village?
Is that really
who we want to be?
Are you OK with that?
Winning that way may
save our village,
but it'll corrupt it too.
It'll only cause suffering.
Don't you see?
The village I love just
doesn't do things that way.
I want to protect
it no matter what.
We have to protect the
Leaf Village I love.
That's the only
future that matters.
That's the future
the children need.
ASUMA: Shikamaru, the
king that we spoke of.
The children of the
Leaf are the king.
They carry the Leaf's
future on their shoulders.
Please protect the future
of the Hidden Leaf Village
that I loved for those children.
Shikamaru, you sure?
SHIKAMARU (VOICEOVER):
What he wants
is to protect the very
same thing as you, Asuma.
-That's right.
SHIKAMARU (VOICEOVER):
He's trying
to leave behind something
important to the king,
to give those children
not just a future but one
they can be proud of.
-And that's also
the Will of Fire.
-Asuma.
-Naruto, Shadow Stitching.
Naruto, the Will of Fire
has been passed to you.
Follow your ninja way and go
do what you believe is right.
-Shikamaru.
Got it.
I'll handle this.
Don't worry.
I won't let you down.
-Naruto.
-It's up to you.
-You really think I'd let you
get away with this, Hiruko?
-So this is what Jiraiya
was talking about.
The Village Hidden in the
Leaves has hung its fate
on Naruto's shoulders.
HIRUKO: The moon
is hiding the sun.
When the eldritch light
of the full solar eclipse
shines down on this
place, the requirements
of Heaven, Earth,
and Man will be met.
And then, Kakashi
Hatake, your Sharingan
will become mine
to wield as my own.
-Stop.
Don't you lay a
hand on any of them.
[laughing]
-With the power of the
light of the solar eclipse,
my synthesized body will be
perfected and unstoppable.
-I'll stop you.
-You're too late.
Kakashi has become
part of me now.
He's completely mine.
-Knock it off.
-What?
No.
What are you doing
to me, Kakashi?
No.
I will not allow this
to happen, Kakashi.
NARUTO (VOICEOVER): Kakashi's
using his Mangekyo Sharingan
to pull both of them into
an alternate dimension.
But if he does
that, he'll die too.
Multi-Shadow Clone Jutsu.
Rasengan.
Let's go.
-Now what?
ALL: Rasengan!
-No.
I won't let go.
Sensei?
Come on, Sensei.
Just wake up, Kakashi Sensei.
Please open your eyes.
Wake up.
I made a promise to Sakura,
and I always keep my promises.
I told her that I'd protect you
and bring you back home safe.
Why does it always
turn out like this?
Why?
Dammit!
KAKASHI: Good morning.
-Sensei, you're alive.
-What in the hell are
you doing here, Naruto?
-Boy, did you ever
have me worried.
Just a sec.
Here.
Look.
You said that you
wanted me to fix them.
So that's just what I did.
I never forgot the
lesson of these bells.
So I came after you.
I'll never forget what you
taught me, Kakashi Sensei.
Those ninja who break
the rules of the village
are considered to
be nothing but scum.
But anybody who
would ever choose
to turn their back
on their friends
is even worse than scum.
-Naruto.
Wait a second.
If I'm still around, then
that means the whole plan
failed, didn't it.
HIRUKO: Yes.
And thanks for that, Naruto.
Kakashi's trap was
quite ingenious.
I wouldn't have been able
to escape from it otherwise.
But ironically, in the end, it
was Kakashi's very own student
who saved me.
The solar eclipse
isn't over yet.
And I've already fulfilled the
Earth and Heaven requirements.
So I can still
kill you, Kakashi,
fulfill the requirement for Man,
and take your kekkei genkai.
-What now?
-Run, Naruto.
-Right.
-Did Naruto do it?
Did he stop him?
-Not so fast, Kakashi,
my old friend.
Now, you will
become a part of me.
There's no escape.
-Well, what are you
guys waiting for?
I wanted to save Kakashi.
But I'm not the only one who
inherited the Will of Fire.
All of us from the Leaf have it.
So let's use it.
-Yeah.
He's just one guy, right?
-Let's do it.
-I guess we have no choice.
-You really don't know when
to give up, do you fools?
You can't even touch me.
Summoning.
-What?
-It's gone.
-Looks like it's
been summoned away.
-I really didn't want to
have to face that one again.
-Leave it to me.
-Come to think of it, the
book that Kakashi gave me did
say that a woman could become
infinitely strong in order
to protect the man
that she loves.
-Shut up!
-Get that beast.
All right.
-You know if you'd just
left well enough alone
all this would have been
settled in exchange for my life.
-Yeah.
Yeah.
Complain all you want.
If you didn't want me
to learn this lesson,
you never should
have taught it to me.
-Let's get him, Naruto.
All right.
-I hope there's enough
light to pull this off.
Shadow Stitching.
Go now!
-Ninja Art Super Beast Scroll.
-Cherry Blossom Thrust.
-You're all so weak.
Give up, Kakashi.
Sooner or later,
I will absorb you.
Gale Style, Gale Dragon.
-Be careful.
That's no ordinary storm cloud.
HIRUKO: It's a cumular nimbus
that expands infinitely
as I fill it with chakra.
I'll use that energy to
scour this whole area.
SHIKAMARU (VOICEOVER): This
guy was born from the Chimera
Jutsu, a monster with
four kekkei genkai.
But until he absorbs the
fifth from Kakashi Sensei,
his body is incomplete
and vulnerable.
Listen, Naruto.
The place where he put the last
kekkei genkai is still empty.
Right now, his biggest and
maybe his only weakness
is that void on his chest.
-Got it.
-Shoot.
-You guys.
-You all came.
-All right, everyone.
Let's show this guy what we got.
Super Expansion Jutsu.
Spiking Human Boulder.
-Fang Over Fang.
BOTH: Eight Trigrams
Sixty-Four Palms.
-Leaf Hurricane.
Now, Tenten.
-On it.
Rising Dragon Control.
-Naruto.
-Let's do this.
Multi-Shadow Clone Jutsu.
-Ninjutsu will not
work against me.
ALL: Giant Rasengan.
HIRUKO: Don't worry.
I'll return all
this chakra to you.
-Lightening Blade.
-I knew that was coming.
-What?
-And here it comes back.
Lightning Blade!
-No way.
You're not going to win.
You're all fools.
-It's no use.
-So you have another jutsu, huh?
But like I told you, ninjutsu
is powerless against me.
What's this?
I can't absorb it.
It can't be.
Such a jutsu.
No.
I won't believe it.
-You don't have to.
Wind Style Rasen Shuriken.
-Hai.
-That's it.
We did it.
-By now, I should
have absorbed you
and achieved a perfect body.
What did I do wrong?
-To conquer your weakness
you isolated yourself.
You withdrew.
All alone you sought perfection.
That was your mistake.
-That's the kind of
things that only someone
who's been born
strong would say.
I never had friends to rely
on even when I first started.
I had no choice but to be alone.
TSUNADE: That's
not true, Hiruko.
I was right there.
JIRAIYA: Yeah, and I was too.
HIRUZEN: Hiruko,
just open your eyes.
-You should have bonded
with your friends
instead of choosing loneliness.
If you had done that,
then your friends
would have been able to
save you from this fate.
-My friends would have-- I see.
You almost did it
too, didn't you?
You almost made the
exact same mistake as I.
-Yes.
I almost did, just like you.
Maybe it's not you who lost.
It was me, or both of us.
If I'd sacrificed myself
and saved the Leaf Village,
I would have cut off my friends.
I was trying to sacrifice
the most important thing
in the village.
I just forgot what matters.
-Do you think I could have also
had a bond with my friends?
[chatter and cheers]
-Yeah!
-Hooray!
-Naruto!
KAKASHI (VOICEOVER):
Even as young
as you are, you've already
far surpassed me, Naruto.
-Gaara.
-Withdraw.
The situation has been resolved.
-Sir.
Withdraw!
-Yes, sir.
-Well, Jiraiya, I'm sorry.
-Why?
-Once again, I relied
on you to save me.
-You're wrong.
Both of us were
saved, not just you.
You know, Tsunade,
I believe Naruto
might be able to reach a
place I couldn't even imagine
existed when I was his age.
-Yeah.
Well, he sure makes me feel old.
-Kakashi Sensei.
-Hm.
-Look.
I have always tried to live
up to what you taught us back
then.
-You're right.
In the ninja world, those
who break the rules and laws
are regarded as
scum, but those who
would abandon even one friend
are far worse than scum.
I'm scum anyway.
So I'm going to chose
to break the rules.
-Obito.
OBITO: If doing that
somehow makes me
less of a true
shinobi, then I'll
just go and crush all of
the so-called real shinobi.
-You know, you're
a lot like him.
-What's that?
Why are you grinning like that?
You're really weirding me out.
-Huh?
HINATA: I'm shocked.
What?
-I knew the two of you have
always been close but still.
[sigh]
-Sometimes, after sharing
a very intense situation,
it says here love can blossom.
But it says nothing about men.
-Oh, come on.
You've got to be kidding.
-Huh.
No.
That isn't what I meant.
-Guy Sensei told me that is
simply another part of youth.
-I always suspected something
like that was going on.
-Wha-- Oh, come on.
Give me a break here.
-Naruto, wait.
It's just a misunderstanding.
Come back.
-No!
-Naruto, please.
[theme music]